REMAINING JOURNEYS — APPROVED-BASELINE FOLLOW-UP

Baseline: a3d2cadfd95b565e13d7e23912c35013e08a4a9f (approved release).
Worktree: /workspace/mentication-followup
Branch: codex/remaining-journeys-followup
Local work only. No push, main merge, deployment, or review/source upload.

This report supersedes the coverage/dependency statements in phase-two/coverage.txt.
Those earlier reports and screenshots remain historical evidence of their own
e292234 baseline; they are not evidence of defects in the approved release.

RECONCILIATION AND OWNERSHIP

The original cc64609, 70e0892 and 208561f commits remain unchanged on
codex/remaining-journeys-quality. Their reconciled equivalents here are
4b25618, ac00560 and d311fc0, in that order, above a3d2cad.

Reconciliation retained the approved launch helpers, unanswered baseline
contracts, Library token search and duration categories, local session hooks,
Return points search/evidence/result presentation, scoped takeaway identity and
storage errors, Next Step verified storage and resumeTask, reduced-motion/audio
behavior, and the bottom-positioned Another way styles. Shared presentation
changes were adapted around those contracts. No API changes were introduced.

No changes to the Dear teaching/four-question 3-of-4 gate, public finished
builds, specialist components, shared care internals, recommendation scoring,
session storage, provider configuration, or the approved generated Home.

The prior phases supply the substantial shared discovery/return, Next Step
active/review, and PMR route/view changes. This follow-up deliberately avoids
duplicating the approved Thought, Urge, Parking Lot, Good Map or Foundations
improvements after real walkthroughs showed those changes already present.

PRIORITIZED DIAGNOSIS AND NEW CHANGES

1. Happy Bump: the fixed shared tool dock physically covered the one-mission,
   honest-start and planning actions at 320x640. Ordinary Playwright clicks
   failed with pointer interception. Before screenshots show the overlap.
   Ownership: HappyBumpExperience.jsx and happy-bump.css only; the shared shell
   and specialist experiences are not changed.
   Change: tools follow the content in normal flow at every Happy Bump stage;
   compact-height decorative rings are smaller. Primary actions and optional
   Skip ahead/Another way have separate space. After runs use ordinary clicks,
   without force clicks or keyboard workarounds.

2. Happy Bump: arbitrary user/suggestion text was interpolated into a sentence
   that could read "I'll Read two pages while I Favourite playlist, then I'll
   A guilt-free break." This made a useful plan harder to understand.
   Change: a labeled Activity / Alongside it / Afterward preview preserves the
   exact selected words and omits empty fields. Inputs have concise accessible
   names instead of inheriting all suggestion-button text.
   Interruption check found the existing privacy filter intentionally excludes
   free text from automatic persistence. It remains unchanged. The planning
   screen now explains reload clearing and the optional explicit save at the
   end. Tests re-enter the plan after reload and verify the saved note/deletion.

3. PMR: at 320x640, guide-style controls preceded pause/stop and pushed the
   essential controls below the first viewport. Ownership: pmr/PMRExperience.jsx
   only. Change: pause/resume, audio and stop precede the paused explanation
   and reversible view selector in both visual and DOM focus order. No content,
   protocol, timer, playback, artwork or outcome logic removed or changed.
   Stop is now asserted visible without scrolling at 640px height in the
   exercised hands/forearms step. Enlarged
   text still uses one scrolling surface; it is not forced into a fixed height.

QUALITATIVE ASSESSMENT — NOT A NUMERIC QUALITY SCORE

Visual craft: retain the approved illustrated worlds, teal/gold Happy Bump and
PMR body art; improve hierarchy and spacing where actual content collided.
The structured plan is more legible but longer; scrolling is intentional.

Practice quality: the larger cumulative work turns Next Step into a usable
action/review cycle and PMR into an understandable chosen route. This follow-up
helps a Happy Bump intention remain actionable. It adds no promised benefits.
The inspected approved cognitive and planning journeys already preserve
uncertainty and offer explicit next actions, so their content remains intact.

Personalization: discovery describes actual activities; My Plan explains its
source; saved return work remains the person's own words. The new Happy Bump
preview reflects the chosen text exactly. No preference is treated as evidence
of a completed action, an answered rating, or a beneficial outcome.

Engagement: primary actions are tappable; Next Step supports doing, undo and
unfinished return; saved notes have a reason to reopen. This is an interaction
assessment, not evidence of retention, motivation, or clinical effectiveness.

Cognitive burden: choice groups/disclosures and clear next actions improve
shared entry. The new plan labels remove awkward generated prose. Longer
Foundations/Good Map workflows and Night Channel's duplicate legacy/control
surfaces remain broader product tradeoffs, not claimed solved by this patch.

Mobile/accessibility: 320/390 browser coverage, 320x640 compact check, 150% root
text, reduced motion, keyboard interaction in Vector, and normal pointer
interaction. No physical-device, screen-reader, virtual-keyboard, native
background-playback, or comprehensive contrast certification is claimed.

Reliability: all 80 test files / 637 tests pass; lint, typecheck, production
build and git diff --check pass. Browser evidence exercises real reload,
repeat, save/update/delete, unreadable data, failed deletion and nullable
endings. These checks support reliability, not a claim that the app is twice
as good or that all its journeys have been redesigned.

EVIDENCE

before/: approved-baseline Happy Bump obstruction/plan screenshots and the
reconciled phase-two PMR controls before this compact correction.
after/: real click-only Happy Bump paths at 320x640 / 390x844, enlarged text,
saved return and repeated preferences; PMR compact viewport images.
walkthroughs/: current approved-baseline screenshots and captured rendered
frame text for each newly walked journey. These are synthetic test contexts,
not user records. Browser times/ratings describe testing, not outcomes.
coverage.txt: exact path, tested width and limits per journey.
*-interactions.txt: successful final browser runs; tests/lint/typecheck/build
logs are separate. Early harness selector/transition failures are not listed
as product failures. Happy Bump's diagnosed pointer interception is genuine.

Reproduce the new Happy Bump path with a running local Vite server:
BASE_URL=http://localhost:5174 EVIDENCE_DIR=/tmp/happy node scripts/verify-happy-journey.cjs
Compact Next/PMR: same BASE_URL, VIEWPORT_HEIGHT=640, EVIDENCE_DIR=/tmp/compact,
node scripts/verify-original-practices.cjs.
Shared regression: same BASE_URL, EVIDENCE_DIR=/tmp/shared,
node scripts/verify-shared-journeys.cjs.
The Happy Bump and compact scripts accept PLAYWRIGHT_MODULE and CHROMIUM_PATH
for installed local tools; the shared script uses /usr/bin/chromium.

REMAINING LIMITS / HANDOFF

The approved release is accessible and reconciled; the earlier dependency is
resolved. Parent owns final integration and any later publishing approval.
Use this cumulative branch or its reconciled commit sequence; do not apply
both the original and reconciled versions of the same phase.

No new tests imply complete coverage of all choices. Full PMR timing,
every Vector game, Good Map exports/comparison, external messages/providers,
Night's full sleep timer/background behavior, Foundations all plan variants,
physical-device assistive technology, and clinical benefit remain unverified.
Self-Compassion and the four specialist internals remain outside this task.
